alright guys what's up in tutorial I'll
be teaching you how to download and
store Phoenix free all right we'll stop
bye download in a svm program i use
talks sdn it's free simple so all right
Google talks at the end if I can spell
it all right go to the website and you
want to go to the download page
if it loans
right then you want to scroll down to 32
bit or 64 bit you should know what your
computer is nice very bit so i'll click
that link and then click the download
now button run the run or save to run it
don't really matter to be honest wait
for it to download but then you want to
click run when it's downloaded and then
this brings up the installer and just
follow it through follow the steps I'm
not going to install it because I've
already quite installed so I pick
council after you finish the
installation it lost for a reboot you
don't really need a reboot because don't
need to do it and then we want to do is
make a new folder on your desktop and
call it Phoenix free ph x 3 and then
right click on it click svn check out
there's two new icons to to new things
you can select select svn check out and
then to get this link here um I've
uploaded to my forums logical evolution
co uk and I recently started a community
and these are the forms for it and if
you can help me by registering and
making a few posts and that I'll be
regretful and then once you on the site
you will navigate to tools and download
and then Phoenix free sdn
and this link here you're going to copy
it and then you want to paste into here
and then okay it and then it should
start downloading yeah there you go
stand out in I'm going to cancel this
because I've already downloaded it it
should take around 15-20 minutes
depending on your internet speed to
download it okay after its downloaded
then you should see between it's free on
your desktop and should have some files
in it now you want to do is you want to
go to your computer local disk drive c
program files steam steam steam at your
account name garry's mod goes on it
again and then add ons then you want to
pick the phoenix free folder we just
created on the desktop until your addons
folder just drag and drop it simple as
that and then wait for transfer we start
the game and then you're done basically
it and yeah if you can subscribe comment
right it would really help me if you did
register on our forums and make a few
posts and that thanks watching